---
layout: post
title: Day One
---

It's 1:31 AM on Saturday and I should be sleeping. Instead, I'll tell you about Object-Oriented Programming (OOP).

Two days ago OOP was miraculously open. I had heard great things about it, so I registered. As such, I missed the first lecture and, despite it's simplicity, yesterday's quiz kicked my butt. I was not alone in this matter. Another person described the same issue to Glenn ... er, Professor Downing? after class. Luckily, a few quizzes should be dropped.

Yesterday, we also introduced ourselves to two strangers in the class. Unfortunately, the people I met were not registered for the course, I forgot their names, and I didn't record their contact information. Afterwards, we went over the first assignment. Apparently, our test cases will be used against other student's solutions. Points are awarded for breaking other's scripts and taken away for failure. One person seemed oddly delighted by this. To paraphrase, "Wouldn't it best to wait until the last minute to post your test cases, so other people don't know what's coming?"

Yesterday/Today I finished 10/38 requriments for the first project and created this blog using Jekyll and GitHub Pages. I still need to set up my C++11 environment on my laptop. 

I plan to finish the first assignment sometime before next weekend as I am attending the 48-hour [Global Game Jam](http://globalgamejam.org/) Friday evening.

Until next time.

**Tip-of-the-week: _Use Google Analytics for tracking website traffic for free!_**
