---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

1. **What did you do this past week?** I spent this week mobilizing my fellow EGaDS! officers for four different Gone to Texas events, getting familiar with my syllabi, and filling out my calendar with events and assignment dates for the semester. This weekend I plan to setup Docker. 

2. **What's in your way?**  Because it is the first week, I have no blockers thus far.

3. **What will you do next week?** I hope to begin and end project one. If it is the same as project one (Collatz) in Downing’s OOP course, this should be an achievable goal.
 
**Tip-of-the-week: _NVIDIA offers a [free visual graphics debugger](http://www.nvidia.com/object/nsight.html) compatible with Visual Studio or Eclipse and it's awesome!_**

I'm excited for this class and looking forward to working on the group projects. I am familiar with python, however, having taken one of Downing's course before, I anticipate this course will give me a deeper understanding of and ample practice using the language.

This summer many of my co-workers and some of my classmates mentioned Docker and its usefulness in their work. At the time it seemed somewhat daunting, however, today Downing described it in a clear and concise manner. I imagine I will run into difficulties with it, however, I am grateful that I have an obligation to use it. I appreciate the tools that Downing exposes his students to. Even if you never touch those specific tools again you will encounter flavors of them and, at the very least, have the experience of using a new technology.





