---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

1. **What did you do this past week?** Last week I worked to help a partner modify our database design and began setting up our database using AWS.

2. **What's in your way?** Programming interviews and lengthy weekly assignments in other classes.

3. **What will you do next week?** This week I will work with a partner to setup our API and, with my team, I will finish and document part two of our webpage project.
 
**Tip-of-the-week: _The Game Developers Conference, GDC, is a wonderful place to make connections, look for game dev jobs, and learn about the latest video game industry practices. Normally tickets are over $2000. However, if you apply to be a [conference associate](http://www.gdconf.com/attend/conferenceassociates.html) (and work 25 hours at the one week convention) you get to attend the conference for free AND you are paid. If you are interested in video game development I recommend you [apply](http://www.gdconf.com/attend/conferenceassociates.html)!_**

This week two representatives from Pariveda Solutions came to speak to our class. I had heard the information they presented in previous classes or talks and I feel the presenters did not give a good overview of it. Additionally, the speakers were very interested in recruiting students to their company. While some students may have appreciated this, I was personally uninterested in the company and would have preferred to hear Downing lecture. Downing's previous guest lecture was very enjoyable (a person from JPL came). I would love to have more interesting or diverse speakers like the person from JPL. Many of Downing's guest speakers are the same. They are from company x and they are here to recruit you and tell you about generic software engineering practices.



