---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

1. **What did you do this past week?** 
Last week I worked with my team to create a prototype of a single player sports game for my Game Technology course. I spent most of my time working on a third-person camera. The camera follows the player wherever he/she goes and is able to rotate up/down to look at the ceiling/floor (while keeping the player in sight). On Thursday, I had a first round interview with another gaming company that consisted of roughly 45 minutes or technical questions and 10 - 15 minutes or background/resume questions. I hope to hear back from them this week.

2. **What is in your way?** 
As of right now I have no blockers.

3. **What will you do next week?** 
This week, using Downing's review sheet, I will prepare for the OOP test on Friday. Additionally I will finish my Game Technology project (also due Friday) and have another interview with a different gaming company.

**My Impressions:**
Last Wednesday, a second guest speaker presented to the class, Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile. Although Conrad's talk on using open source technology was unrelated to video games, it inspired me to find some [game development projects]( http://irrlicht.sourceforge.net/) that I can examine the source code of, and potentially contribute to, (as soon as I have more free time that is).

**Tip of the Week:** 
If you have interest in becoming a game developer, [here](http://patrickcurry.com/austin/) is an incredible list of resources for the game development community in Austin. I highly encourage you to get involved and start meeting and mingling with those in the industry. Austin has a very supportive developer community. Now go be a part of it! 
