---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

1. **What did you do this past week?** Last week I setup the hosting environment for my group's website using AWS, Elastic Beanstalk and the Flask Python framework. Later in the week, I setup our build pipeline, writing the makefile and .travis.yml file. When new commits are pushed to specific Github branches for our project, the updated application will be deployed to separate Elastic Beanstalk environments (a dev and production webpage). To wrap up the week, I wrote the documentation for what I did in regards to AWS and custom domain name setup. 

2. **What's in your way?** Programming interviews and lengthy weekly assignments in other classes.

3. **What will you do next week?** This week my group and I will divvy up the tasks for the second part of this assignment and begin working on them.
 
**Tip-of-the-week: _If you are working with a small to medium sized student developer team, I encourage you to get the Chrome extension, [ZenHub](https://www.zenhub.com/). It allows a team to do agile board management inside of GitHub. It requires no overhead to setup and makes it very easy to assign tasks to one to many developers, estimate story points, and meet deadlines._**

Although I am enjoying working with a group, using new technologies and development methodologies, I sometimes regret taking a second Downing class. The detailed project specifications/requirements and similarities between SWE and OOP can become rather irksome at times. One finds oneself spending an excessive amount of time fretting over unimportant minutiae as opposed to working on the meat of a project. Although this is reflected in the software engineering industry, I have never experienced this feeling to the same extend during my internships.



