---
layout: post
title: Week Three
---

1. **What did you do this past week?** This week I did a bulk of the coding for the first project, Collatz, including finish unit tests and implementing a meta cache (values generated by an external program) to get my program passing on the online judge Sphere.

2. **What's in your way?**   I have no blockers currently.

3. **What will you do next week?** Next week whenever the project is released I plan to start on it immediately with my partner because I started too late on Collatz and I am extremely busy the week project two is due.
 
**Tip-of-the-week: _The Austin Game Conference is approaching and if you are remotely interested in game development or programming video games you should [register](http://austingamecon.com/)! There will be over 80 speakers covering various topics in game development, numerous networking opportunities, and awesome food. The convention takes place from September 21st - September 22nd and student tickets are $149. For many students this is a high price point, however, it is well worth the investment if you want to pursue a career in game creation. [Click here to see all of companies attending](http://austingamecon.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/participatingcompanies-1024px.jpg)._**

Last week I mentioned the similarities between OOP and SWE. The course content has begun to diverge and focus more heavily on python and the Collatz project had a different feel as well. In fact the SWE version of Collatz is much harder than the OOP version because of python's relatively slow speed compared to C++. I had to employ many more optimizations whereas in C++ I was able to get away with a simple lazy cache. That being said it is far faster to prototype code in python. For the SWE version of Collatz I also missed the detailed instructions provided on the assignment page in OOP and found myself asking more clarification questions on piazza.




