---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

1. **What did you do this past week?** 
This week my time was consumed with writing cover letters for job applications and creating a [Seelio portfolio account](https://seelio.com/phoenixbishea). The Seelio setup process was suprisingly smooth and the results are excellent. However, I spent a lot of time in Unity3d polishing video games I had made in 24-hour time periods for job applications. I had a chance to work on Collatz, but I am not nearly as far as I would like to be. 

2. **What is in your way?** 
Understanding the steps for confirming a successful build on Travis CI have been extremely confusing as my 'make check' fails due to non-existent files. I am under the impression it will build after I have completed other steps. However, it does not make sense to have multiple steps saying **Before continuing, confirm a successful build on Travis CI** if it is not possible to do so until the end.

3. **What will you do next week?** 
Next week I will catch up on some of the readings I missed and finish Collatz. I still need to write the Sphere solution, my unit and acceptance tests, and optimize my code. I imagine my free time this week will be limited.

**My Impressions:**
I really enjoy Downing's lectures and the way he engages with the class. Students are made to partipate and think and the quizzes reward you for attending class and keeping up with the readings. After becoming more familiar with Downing's project style, I hope that the remaining projects will seem more straight forward.

**Tip of the Week:** UT's Computer Graphics course teaches you the theory and mathematics of graphics using legacy (deprecated) OpenGL. If you have taken Computer Graphics at UT and are interested in learning modern OpenGL, or you would like to have a basic understanding of computer graphics, check out [this tutorial](https://open.gl/). 
